Last Lecture Agenda
1 What is Database Driver? Pragati 
2 Explain JDBC Steps?/ Explain JDBC Connectivity? Shreesagar
3 Difference Between Statement & Prepared Statement? Pragati
		Statement
	1 At the time of creating statement object, we are not required to provide any query, so that means Statement Object is not associated with any query & we can use multiple queries
	2 Whenever we are using execute method every time Query will be compile & execute.
	3 Statement object can work for only static queries.
	4 Relatively performance is low.
	5 Best choice to use Statement if we want to work with multiple queries.
	6 There may be a possibilty of SQL injection attack.
	7 Inserting date and large object (clob & blob) is difficult.
	
PreparedStatement
		1 At the time of creating PreparedStatement object, we are to required to provide SQl query. So It is associated with only one query.
		2 It compiled only onces while getting Object of PreparedStatement.
		3 Whenever we are using execute method query never compiled. it just will be executed
		4 PreparedStatement object can work both static and dynamic queries.
		5 Relatively performance is high.
		6 Best choice to use PreparedStatement if we want to work with only one query but required to execute multiple times.
		7 There is no possibilty of SQL injection attack.
		8 Inserting date and large object (clob & blob) is easy.

4 What is Server? 
  Ans - explain how request & response execute 
	Explain the types 
	1 H/w Server- physical Machine(It has one or more S/W server run with differentiate using port)

	2 S/W Server
		1 Web Server 
	  - It is used for static web content 
		- nginix, IIS 
		- Web Server- IIS (Microsoft),Glassfish (sun Microsystem),Tomcat server(Apache), Jetty
	2 Application Server
		It is combination of 
		web server + Its Additional features of that server 
		- tomcat , IBM  websphere, 
		- Application Server- mysql, Angular server,Oracle server weblogic,Jboss (Red Hat),IBM WebSphere
		- one port has one application only. 
			
   
	
	
5 Explain Http Methods? Pragati

6 What is difference between Get and Post method?
	Get -
1) Limited amount of data can be sent 
2) Not Secured because data is exposed in URL bar.
3) we can send as well as get a data 
4) It is not reliable for sending a data for backend 
5) It is used to fetch a data from backend server 
Post
1) Large amount of data can be sent because data is sent in Http body.
2) Secured because data is not exposed in URL bar.
3) we can send data from frontend to backend only 
4) It is reliable for sending a data for backend 
5) It is used to send data from front-end


7 What is Hibernate?
8 What is JPA?


Today's Lecture Agenda
1 update country 
2 delete country
3 get particular record 
4 get all record 


summary & Interview Questions
1 Which standard we have to follow while industry coding?


